--Game speed was moving very slowly. 8 moves per turn, and 2 units being built per turn, 
  it was impossible to "win" because units were literally coming out faster than they could die.
  Generally the two players would amass armies of -~15 or so units, and by that time it was not 
  feasibly possible to kill fast enough.
--So the 8 move cap was taken out. Game moved more smoothly. Having a monk - dominated army was 
  the favored "meta." Monks could effectively "transfer" their movement points to monk "chains,"
  each passing on and moving together. A sole archer could effectively hit multiple times if it 
  was buried inside monks. Tried many "counterpicks" to take out archer, such as ninja/swordsman
  comps, but it wasn't as good as just pure monks+ archers. Archers' damage nerfed significantly,
  puts them more into a "weaken the enemy" for the melee.
--Archer/monk comps still strong, but the key is due to the monks, not the archers. Due to the 
  nature of balanced units, even a lv 9 promoted yokai will fall to a few well utilized counters.
  Monk's exhaust-healing is removed. Heal amount is 25.
--There needs to be objectives that increase income. Atm, with unlimited building, there's no 
  "significant" reason to capture barracks, besides a (slightly) more convenient location of units.
  Barracks must affect the # of units produced, but there should be enough of them that capturing
  one does not spell defeat. 
--Farms are introduced as the primary way to get income in the game. They are controlled in the same
  way barracks and castle are controlled, by "destroying" them first. The HP should be small, so there
  are many farms spread throughout the map. By slowly controlling farms you increase production and 
  quality of units purchased.
--Adjusting the costs of units is very hard since they're all balanced relative to each other. A lv9
  Yokai Archer will fall quickly to ninja/cavalry rushes. In that regard, it's great, but the problem
  is setting the costs for each unit. Imo, there should be another weaker tier of units, similar to
  peasants  in shogun. Within the peasant class of say, 4 units, they're balanced with respect to each
  other and have similar costs. Then in the higher samurai class of X units, they're also balanced and
  have similar costs. The reason is that there needs to be a spammable "base" unit in the game that the
  armies are comprised of, which will allow the balancing to be much easier, to compare damages to the
  cheap, base unit.
--The map needs to be much bigger. 13x20 atm, should be 30x30 at least.